General utilities (FEX denotes a script or function from the mathworks file exchange)

add_noise.m
                  Used to generate noise (normal or log normal) around mean
                  values for data for a given standard deviation (percent).

add_headers_to_array.m 
                  Takes an array of data and a cell array of names and creates
                  a cell array with the names on top of the data. This cell
                  array can then be used to save the information as a CSV file
                  with headers (see cell2csv.m)
                   
AUC_Bailors_method.m
                  This is an implementation of Bailors method for calculating
                  AUCs with sparse sampling up to tlast. (Giant beaver studies)
                  
AUC_trapezoid.m
                  This is an implementation of the trapizoid rule for calculating
                  AUCs with sequential sampling up to tlast. 


cell2csv.m        Takes the contents of a cell array and dumps them into a
                  file. This can then be imported into other software (e.g.
                  Excel or SigmaPlot).

dump_figure.m     Takes the current active figure and dumps it into a file
                  (pdf on mac, tif on windows).

ed.m              Extract columns of data from a cell array with strings for
                  column headers

export_fig (FEX)  Set of scripts written by Oliver Woodford for generating
                  figures for publication. Use the command:
                    >> export_fig figure_name -transparent -pdf 
                    eval(sprintf('export_fig output%sfigname -transparent -pdf', filesep));

fce.m             When you have a cell array with row and column headers and
                  you want to use these as indices to extract information from
                  the cell array.

fetch_excel_raw.m 
                  Used to read in an excel data file into a cell array

find_element.m    Used to extract row and column numbers from cell arrays to
                  locate the position of specific information based on text
                  string labels.

make_number_pretty.m 
                  Takes a floating point number and turns it into a readable
                  string.

pad_string.m      Adds spaces to the beginning of a string.

plot_arrow.m (FEX)
                  Used to draw lines with arrows on figures (BSD on file exchange).

prepare_figure.m  Take the current active figure/axis and prepares it either
                  for presentation or printing (alters fontsize, makes the
                  lines bolder, etc).

sample_from_distribution.m
                  Takes a cell array with parameter distribution information
                  (see the help for the function) and returns a vector of
                  samples.

strip_missing.m   Removes missing values from observation and corresponding
                  measurement times.


textprogressbar.m (FEX)
                  Updates status of a chunk of code that takes a while to
                  execute.

usuptitle.m       Places a title over a figure of subplots. This is the
                  suptitle.m file that used to be on the file exchange. It
                  seems it was removed and folded into the bioinformatics
                  toolbox. So it has been renamed here to avoid naming
                  conflicts. The original copyright for Drea Thomas has been
                  preserved.

var2latex.m       Converts a variable in Matlab to a string that can be
                  interpreted by LaTeX.

vp.m              Verbose print is used internally in functions to provide
                  feedback to the users about the status of scripts.

xticklabel_rotate.m (FEX)
                  Used to rotate the xiticklabels 

